Added documentation for Spider.update_settings (#5846)
scrapy/scrapy: docs/topics/spiders.rst

       :param kwargs: keyword arguments passed to the :meth:`__init__` method
       :type kwargs: dict

   .. classmethod:: update_settings(settings)

       The ``update_settings()`` method is used to modify the spider's settings
       and is called during initialization of a spider instance.

       It takes a :class:`~scrapy.settings.Settings` object as a parameter and

>        can add or updates the spider's configuration values. This method is a class method,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       can add or update the spider's configuration values. This method is a class method,
```

       meaning that it is called on the :class:`~scrapy.Spider` class and allows all instances
       of the spider to share the same configuration.

       One of the main advantages of ``update_settings()`` is that it allows
       you to dynamically add, remove or change settings based on spider arguments

>        or other external factors.

Reviewer: I just realized I got it wrong here, you cannot take spider arguments into account, because those are set in the `__init__`, and as you say here this is a class method. You can still edit settings based on other settings or external factors, though, so that part is indeed true.

Author: Done. The last commit updated this part

>        defined and automatically inherited by subclasses.

Author: You're right that both methods are inherited similarly. To avoid confusion, I'll remove that paragraph and add a new one that highlights the benefits of using `update_settings()`

>        For example, suppose a spider needs update :setting:`FEEDS`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       For example, suppose a spider needs to modify :setting:`FEEDS`:
```

Besides the missing “to” typo, I think “modify” here (or “edit”, or “change”) is a slightly better word choice here, because I think the point is that, unlike `custom_settings` that only let you completely override a setting value from e.g. the command line, here you can keep parts of the command-line value while changing other parts.

       .. code-block:: python

           import scrapy

           class MySpider(scrapy.Spider):
               name = "myspider"
               custom_feed = {
                   "/home/user/documents/items.json": {
                       "format": "json",
                       "indent": 4,
                   }
               }

               @classmethod
               def update_settings(cls, settings):
                   settings.setdefault("FEEDS", {}).update(cls.custom_feed)

>                    super().update_settings(settings)

Reviewer 2: Just want to confirm that wouldn't call to the `super().update_settings` be the first thing to do and then override the required settings here.

Reviewer: I think that’s what you would usually want, yes, but not necessarily. For example, if you define `update_settings` in a base spider class, and a child spider class defined `custom_setting`, you may want that `custom_settings` to be able to override what the base class does in `update_settings`, in which case the code here is what you want.

       :param kwargs: keyword arguments passed to the :meth:`__init__` method
       :type kwargs: dict

   .. classmethod:: update_settings(settings)

       The ``update_settings()`` method is used to modify the spider's settings
       and is called during initialization of a spider instance.

       It takes a :class:`~scrapy.settings.Settings` object as a parameter and
       can add or update the spider's configuration values. This method is a
       class method, meaning that it is called on the :class:`~scrapy.Spider`
       class and allows all instances of the spider to share the same
       configuration.

       While per-spider settings can be set in
       :attr:`~scrapy.Spider.custom_settings`, using ``update_settings()``
       allows you to dynamically add, remove or change settings based on other
       settings, spider attributes or other factors and use setting priorities
       other than ``'spider'``. Also, it's easy to extend ``update_settings()``
       in a subclass by overriding it, while doing the same with

>        :attr:`~scrapy.Spider.custom_settings` is hard or impossible.

Reviewer: No strong opinion here either, but “impossible” feels like too strong a word.

```suggestion
       :attr:`~scrapy.Spider.custom_settings` can be hard.
```

       For example, suppose a spider needs to modify :setting:`FEEDS`:

       .. code-block:: python

           import scrapy

           class MySpider(scrapy.Spider):
               name = "myspider"
               custom_feed = {
                   "/home/user/documents/items.json": {
                       "format": "json",
                       "indent": 4,
                   }
               }

               @classmethod
               def update_settings(cls, settings):

>                    settings.setdefault("FEEDS", {}).update(cls.custom_feed)
>                    super().update_settings(settings)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
                   super().update_settings(settings)
                   settings.setdefault("FEEDS", {}).update(cls.custom_feed)
```
